hold on a minute don't you think we
ought to talk quite about how I'm gonna
run sure about how you managed to live
as long as you have
think you can drive we can drive you can
drive beyond the limits of the tired
engine the car anything else it's
nothing I can't do with the race car
[Applause]
well that's the difference between you
and me there's only so much I can do
good thank you we'll see how you're
doing a crop is desperate to get your
attention
walked into a jungle I'm peering do it
I'll take you to race really I can't
I'm the doctor how cold think you're
driving can't improve I'll take your
word for what a car can do but I'm not
taking anybody's word for what I can do
[Applause]
I don't want you to hold a bad opinion
of cold I believe it's scarcely he needs
reassurance from you that he's okay
after all he a driver gets his bell rung
on a couple of lights flicker and loses
what he needs more than his eyesight
more than his reflexes more than
anything in the world
I've raced with my legs broke heart
bruised eyes popping out of my head like
they're on Springs the need to drive
right out there on the ragged edge he
doesn't believe you can drive any more
how long before you find out if you're
really good you just water rights again
are you really lucky
get back in the car
[Applause]
you
[Music]